﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿# DevelopmentIf you would like to contribute as a developer, way to follow along with development is by viewing the issue commits. Each commit should have a issue and #issue_number (i.e. #420). By clicking on the #issue_number it will take you to the issue where the work should be described with some level of detail.## VisionThe vision of KT is to create consumer electronics, distributed supercomputers, games, servers, and touchscreen plugin widgets to interfacing with apps, games, websites, and electronics. The vision of the design of the toolkit is to provide an ultra-fast memory-lean scalable software model from firmware to desktop to server; and that the toolkit be formatted with the Google C++ Style Guide with a tool to change the source code formatting between snake_case, lowerCaseCammel, and UpperCaseCammel.### North Star DirectionThe North Star is the symbolic representation of the project direction intended to keep the project on track. The North Star is currently pointed towards:Completing kabuki::tek::Unicontroller and mapping it to the kabuki::toolkit::hmi API.## Third-party DependenciesOne goal of the project is the use a script to download all of the third-party APIs and format them using AStyle, which is imported as kabuki::toolkit::code.## Seam EnumerationThe development is enumerated into major and minor seams that get tested in order from 1_1 through M_m, where M and m are the number of Major and minor seams respectively. A Minor Seam is defined as a collection of one or more classes, and a Major Seam is defined a s collection of one or more namespaces or C modules. Seams should contain the fewest number of seams as possible, andthe seams should as decoupled as possible. For details about what each seamsis and does, please see the [GitHub Projects](https://github.com/kabuki-starship/kabuki-toolkit/projects).## Problems with Development.The biggest problem with development has been lack of help. The module formatted is gold. It is so clean. We just need to hammer out the Sloth so we can #SlothAllTheCode.  Kabuki Toolkit is the core of the SDK that is used to download the rest of the libraries together, then we will need to make appsand plug-ins with it.## User InterfaceKT needs to both mouse and touchscreen friendly, and users primarily interact with the software via a system tray icon, context menus, and widgets. All of the menus are customizable and skinnable through an extendable plugin API.Plugin packages will be available for various disciplines such as website development, software development, scientific research, project managers, etc. Users can create their own plugin scripts using Python which allows the software to be adapted to whatever needs the user has.### ii. Software PlatformThe software uses a combination of a desktop system-tray app, mobile app, and cross-browser  extension, and a cross-platform app. Users will download the Chrome/Firefox/etc Extension from the Chrome Web Store. Syncing is done via an OAuth using the Google C++ API.## Projects### Sticky HTML5 WidgetsSticky HTML5 Widgets allow users to browse web pages like Pandora or Netflix and minimize them to the system tray and pin on top of other windows. Users also have the option of browsing sites in a mobile mode so that web apps perform the same way they do on a smartphone or tablet.### Cloud Sticky NotesSave sticky notes directly to the cloud so that they can be shared by multiple computers. Import notes directly from paper using a webcam or smartphone. A user can export notes in TXT, PDF, and DOCX.### TV WidgetsWeb app based TV widgets should be able to play YouTube channels or other free TV sources.###  Dictionary and Research ToolsUsers should be able to copy text on their computer, and click on the system tray icon to get a definition of the word or search for it on the internet or Wikipedia. Software should stores an offline version of Wikipedia and dictionary of user's choice that dynamically updates itself as users search for information. Users can bookmark words for future reference, and sync their bookmarked words to the cloud. Webcam tool allows users to point at a word with their finger, or circle a paragraph, and software will automatically scan the word or paragraph(s), and define words and bring up search options.### Graphing Calculator with Equation EditorKT should have a touchscreen friendly skinnable graphing calculator on steroid. The software has the ability to process and graph complex mathematical equations. Users can pin calculator windows on top of other windows, and show and hide it with shortcut keys. Equations should be able to import or export from LaTeX, Octave, MatLAB, or Microsoft Word formats.### Unicode Copy and Paste WidgetUsers should be able to copy and paste Unicode text symbols such as Greek letters using a convent widget for quick insertion into Word documents and web searches.  All of your most commonly used symbols will show up at the top. Users should also be able to input text descriptions of the symbol to bring up symbols likes hearts or music notes.### Task Timer & Analysis ToolsUser should be able to set up tasks that they would like to time and set targets for how long they would like to work on tasks. Since the app is in the system tray, the user can do a better job of tracking how much time they are spending doing tasks and chart the time spent over a long period of time. Tools can be set up to remind users that they need to do things. Users can also automatically log the time they have spent on websites such as Facebook. (Maybe we could make a browser plugin.)